[cling] Prototype SYCL support in ROOT (#17209)
root-project/root: interpreter/CMakeLists.txt

# found before (because the user turned on cuda or tmva-gpu), this will not have
# an effect, which is fine.
# (Note that the option is very counter-intuitive: We turn *on* disabling it...)

> # Special case when we want to build cling with adaptiveCpp

Reviewer: Can you maybe a bit more comment here / integrate into the existing story. Something like
```suggestion
# Except when we want to build cling with adaptiveCpp, in which case adaptiveCpp needs to find CUDA in order to build the backend
```
(if that's the case?)

Author: Yes, that is right. Thanks.
